{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab1200{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss MS Sans Serif;}{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}{\f2\fswiss Arial;}{\f3\fswiss\fprq2 Arial;}{\f4\fmodern\fprq5 Courier New;}{\f5\fswiss Arial;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green0\blue0;\red100\green100\blue100;\red0\green0\blue255;\red10\green10\blue160;}\deflang2057\pard\plain\f2\fs20\cf1\par {\fs28\b\ul UK Data Archive Data Dictionary\par\par }{\b\f2\fs20\cf1\ File-level information:\par\par }{\f2\fs20\cf1 File Name = 		\f2\fs20\cf5enumeration_arch\par }{\f2\fs20\cf1 Number of variables = 	\f2\fs20\cf5 40\par }{\f2\fs20\cf1 Number of cases = 	\f2\fs20\cf5 7064\par\par\par }{\f2\fs20\cf1\b Variable-level information:\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 1	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 study	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Study identifier\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for study\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 2	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 practice_id	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Practice identifier\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i SCALE\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for practice_id\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 3	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 study_number	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Unique ID\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for study_number\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 4	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 case	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 IID case variable\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i NOMINAL\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for case\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 1.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Definite case\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 3.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Probable case\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 5	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 age	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Age\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i SCALE\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for age\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 6	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 agegroup_order	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Age group\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i NOMINAL\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for agegroup_order\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 1.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 <1 year\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 2.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 1-4 years\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 3.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 5-14 years\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 4.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 15-24 years\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 5.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 25-34 years\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 6.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 35-44 years\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 7.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 45-54 years\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 8.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 55-64 years\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 9.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 65+ years\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 7	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 sex	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Sex\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i string}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i nominal\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for sex\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 8	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 diarrhoea	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Had diarrhoea\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i NOMINAL\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for diarrhoea\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 1.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Yes\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 2.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 No\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 9	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 diarrhoea_days	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Days with diarrhoea\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i NOMINAL\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for diarrhoea_days\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 10	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 diarrhoea_blood	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Had bloody diarrhoea\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i NOMINAL\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for diarrhoea_blood\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 1.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Yes\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 2.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 No\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 11	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 diarrhoea_blood_days	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Days with bloody diarrhoea\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i NOMINAL\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for diarrhoea_blood_days\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 12	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 vomiting	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Had vomiting\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i NOMINAL\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for vomiting\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 1.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Yes\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 2.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 No\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 13	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 vomiting_days	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Days with vomiting\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i NOMINAL\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for vomiting_days\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 14	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 nausea	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Had nausea\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i NOMINAL\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for nausea\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 1.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Yes\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 2.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 No\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 15	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 nausea_days	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Days with nausea\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i NOMINAL\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for nausea_days\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 16	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 abdominal_pain	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Had abdominal pain\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i NOMINAL\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for abdominal_pain\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 1.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Yes\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 2.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 No\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 17	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 loss_of_appetite	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Had loss of appetite\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i NOMINAL\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for loss_of_appetite\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 1.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Yes\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 2.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 No\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 18	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 fever	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Had fever\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i NOMINAL\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for fever\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 1.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Yes\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 2.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 No\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 19	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 headache	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Had headache\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i NOMINAL\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for headache\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 1.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Yes\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 2.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 No\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 20	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 cough_nose_throat	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Had cough/runny nose/sore throat\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i NOMINAL\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for cough_nose_throat\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 1.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Yes\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 2.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 No\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 21	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 outofhours	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Contacted out-of-hours service\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i NOMINAL\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for outofhours\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 1.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Yes\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 2.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 No\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 22	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 outofhours_date	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Date contacted out-of-hours service\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i SCALE\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for outofhours_date\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 23	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 gp_phone	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Contacted GP/nurse by phone\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i NOMINAL\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for gp_phone\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 1.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Yes\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 2.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 No\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 24	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 gp_phone_date	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Date contacted GP/nurs by phone\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i SCALE\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for gp_phone_date\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 25	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 gp_visit	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Consulted GP in person\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i NOMINAL\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for gp_visit\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 1.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Yes\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 2.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 No\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 26	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 gp_visit_date	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Date consulted GP in person\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i SCALE\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for gp_visit_date\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 27	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 homevisit	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Received home visit by GP\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i NOMINAL\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for homevisit\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 1.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Yes\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 2.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 No\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 28	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 homevisit_date	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Date of home visit\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i SCALE\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for homevisit_date\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 29	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 admitted	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Admitted to hospital overnight\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i NOMINAL\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for admitted\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 1.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Yes\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 2.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 No\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 30	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 admitted_date	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Date admitted to hospital\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i SCALE\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for admitted_date\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 31	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 admitted_days	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 No. of days in hospital\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i NOMINAL\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for admitted_days\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 32	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 read_new	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Read code\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for read_new\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 33	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 read_cat	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Read code category\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i other}{\cf3, ( not numeric or string ).\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for read_cat\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 34	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 title_new	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Problem title\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for title_new\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 35	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 specimen_requested	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Stool specimen requested by GP\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i NOMINAL\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for specimen_requested\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 1.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Yes\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 2.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 No\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 36	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 specimen_sent	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Specimen sent by patient\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i NOMINAL\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for specimen_sent\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 1.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Yes\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 2.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 No\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 37	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 pathogen1	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Pathogen identified 1\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for pathogen1\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 38	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 pathogen2	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Pathogen identified 2\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for pathogen2\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 39	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 pathogen3	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Pathogen identified 3\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for pathogen3\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 40	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 other_pathogens	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Other pathogens identified\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for other_pathogens\par }}